Apartment Guide(0-02)
What is a student apartment?(03-04)
Looking to upgrade from dorm life?
Consider renting a student apartment.(05-09)
A student aparment is a form of off-campus husing for college students.(10-14)
They're typically not owned by colleges or universities, and are only available to those enrolled in classes.(15-20)
They're generally priced by bedroom, making them quite cost-effective.(21-23)
Compared to a dorm, student apartment offer more privacy and space.(24-29)
They can also have fewer restrictions depending pn the landlord's lease and terms.(29-33)
While dorms have on-site dining halls, you're responsible for your own food in a student apartment.(34-38)
You will also need to provide your own funiture, since most student apartments come unfurnished.(39-44)
Student apartments are a great choice for those who want to live more independently.(45-49)